rosemary called me 20 some years ago to
come and shoot that's when the school
was very tiny it was the first
graduating class said would you come in
and be a mentor for for our students and
I think there was like 10 kids or
something graduating and and i love the
spirit here and it's always been just
better and better every time i come and
we do amazing shows now and I can't do
it every year because it takes quite a
bit of my time but I try to do it every
year or two years and it's just I'm
learned so much myself from from the
kids because they do things just
unconsciously and beautifully you just
look at it you got how did they think of
this and they don't know how they
thought of it see that's that's the
beauty of it all is is that these kids
are all they're just brand new and
they're just waiting to burst open and
the creativity is amazing
you know don't don't come into this
thinking it's glamorous being a designer
is not a glamorous profession it's a
hard hard profession and you work very
hard if you're going to do a good job
and you know you can be pretentious and
all of that but you better do a good job
and design beautiful clothes otherwise
you know you'll be doing something you
don't really want to do well my biggest
advice really always is to go try to
work with somebody that you really
admire or you like their product so you
can learn from them about mistakes about
what works what doesn't work and watch
them that's the whole point is watch
learn you might be a better designer
than they are but you don't know all the
ins and outs so that's where you really
learn you learn what not to do
you